Add `override` parameter to all block factories in `@comet/blocks-admin` (#3255)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/polite-chairs-join.md

---
"@comet/blocks-admin": minor
---

> Add an `override` argument to all "createBlock" functions to follow `createCompositeBlock`'s pattern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an `override` argument to all block factories to follow `createCompositeBlock`'s pattern
```
